EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into on January 15, 2024, between TechCorp Solutions Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Company"), and John Michael Smith ("Employee").

WHEREAS, Company desires to employ Employee in the capacity of Senior Software Developer; and
WHEREAS, Employee agrees to be employed by Company under the terms and conditions set forth herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties agree as follows:

1. EMPLOYMENT AND DUTIES
Employee shall serve as Senior Software Developer and shall perform such duties as are customarily associated with such position. Employee shall report directly to the Chief Technology Officer and shall devote full-time attention to the business of Company.

2. TERM OF EMPLOYMENT
This Agreement shall commence on February 1, 2024, and shall continue until terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.

3. COMPENSATION
Company shall pay Employee an annual base salary of One Hundred Twenty Thousand Dollars ($120,000), payable in accordance with Company's standard payroll practices. Employee shall be eligible for annual performance bonuses at the sole discretion of Company.

4. BENEFITS
Employee shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans maintained by Company, including health insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, and 401(k) retirement plan, subject to the terms and conditions of such plans.

5. CONFIDENTIALITY
Employee acknowledges that during employment, Employee will have access to confidential and proprietary information of Company. Employee agrees to maintain the confidentiality of such information and not to disclose it to any third party without prior written consent of Company.

6. NON-COMPETE
During the term of employment and for a period of twelve (12) months following termination, Employee shall not directly or indirectly engage in any business that competes with Company within a fifty (50) mile radius of Company's principal place of business.

7. TERMINATION
This Agreement may be terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days written notice. Company may terminate Employee immediately for cause, including but not limited to misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty, or violation of Company policies.

8. GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

TECHCORP SOLUTIONS INC.

By: /s/ Sarah Johnson
Name: Sarah Johnson
Title: Chief Executive Officer
Date: January 15, 2024

EMPLOYEE:

/s/ John Michael Smith
John Michael Smith
Date: January 15, 2024