PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AGREEMENT

This Professional Services Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of May 10, 2024, between Digital Marketing Solutions LLC, a California limited liability company ("Service Provider"), and Sunrise Bakery Inc., a California corporation ("Client").

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Service Provider is engaged in the business of providing digital marketing and advertising services; and
WHEREAS, Client desires to engage Service Provider to provide certain marketing services as described herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties agree as follows:

1. SERVICES
Service Provider agrees to provide the following services ("Services"):
a) Social media marketing and management for Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter accounts
b) Search engine optimization (SEO) for Client's website
c) Pay-per-click (PPC) advertising campaign management
d) Monthly analytics reporting and performance analysis
e) Content creation including blog posts, social media posts, and promotional materials

2. TERM
This Agreement shall commence on June 1, 2024, and shall continue for an initial term of twelve (12) months, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof. The Agreement shall automatically renew for successive six (6) month periods unless either party provides sixty (60) days written notice of non-renewal.

3. COMPENSATION
Client shall pay Service Provider a monthly fee of Four Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($4,500.00) for the Services, payable within fifteen (15) days of receipt of invoice. In addition, Client shall reimburse Service Provider for all pre-approved advertising spend and third-party tool subscriptions.

4. PERFORMANCE STANDARDS
Service Provider shall use commercially reasonable efforts to achieve the following performance targets:
- Increase website traffic by 25% within six (6) months
- Improve search engine rankings for target keywords
- Achieve a minimum 3% click-through rate on PPC campaigns
- Grow social media followers by 15% within six (6) months

5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All materials, content, and work product created by Service Provider in connection with the Services shall be owned by Client upon full payment of fees. Service Provider retains the right to use general methodologies and know-how developed during the performance of Services.

6. CONFIDENTIALITY
Each party acknowledges that it may have access to confidential information of the other party. Both parties agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information and use it solely for the purposes of this Agreement.

7. TERMINATION
Either party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days written notice. Client may terminate immediately for cause, including material breach of this Agreement by Service Provider.

8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Service Provider's total liability under this Agreement shall not exceed the total fees paid by Client in the twelve (12) months preceding the claim.

9. GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

DIGITAL MARKETING SOLUTIONS LLC

By: /s/ Amanda Rodriguez
Name: Amanda Rodriguez
Title: Managing Director
Date: May 10, 2024

SUNRISE BAKERY INC.

By: /s/ Michael Thompson
Name: Michael Thompson
Title: Chief Executive Officer
Date: May 10, 2024